[program] Add security-txt to program and add `SECURITY.md` (#52)
solana-program/record: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting security problems

**DO NOT CREATE A GITHUB ISSUE** to report a security problem.

Instead please use this [Report a Vulnerability](https://github.com/solana-program/record/security/advisories/new) link.
Provide a helpful title and detailed description of the problem.

If you haven't done so already, please **enable two-factor auth** in your GitHub account.

Expect a response as fast as possible in the advisory, typically within 72 hours.

--

If you do not receive a response in the advisory, send an email to

> <security@solana.com> with the full URL of the advisory you have created. DO NOT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<security@anza.xyz> with the full URL of the advisory you have created. DO NOT
```

include attachments or provide detail sufficient for exploitation regarding the
security issue in this email. **Only provide such details in the advisory**.

> If you do not receive a response from <security@solana.com> please followup with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not receive a response from <security@anza.xyz> please followup with
```
